hey so i am nearly finished with my
monday
working day i'm probably gonna do
another half an hour in a minute but
it's past five o'clock just taking a
quick break and i've just checked my
email and i'm so
excited my heart has literally just been
beating so fast
[Music]
i've just had an email about my
graduation ceremony oh my god saying it
just makes me want to cry
honestly i didn't realize how much my
graduation ceremony
meant to me until i saw this email
because for those of you who weren't
aware
i missed my graduation ceremony last
year because of
covers so unfortunately along with all
the other 2020 graduates i couldn't
celebrate
my degree it was a bit of a
anti-climactic
finish to my time at university but
a few weeks ago jesus college university
of cambridge college that i attended
emailed out saying we just want to
reassure you that it's a matter of
when not if that you'll get your
graduation ceremony like
we're not going to ever cancel it you
are going to have a graduation ceremony
and that was really reassuring because i
think it's something that means a lot to
so many people
loads of latin is read out i don't even
know how it works but
it's tradition and you go to senate
house and it's just something that
everyone does and that you look forward
to and
i was really gutted to miss out on it so
yeah cut to now they've just sent an
email out
saying the university has confirmed its
plans for ceremonies
this summer i haven't read any further
because i just got really excited and
almost felt like i wanted to cry
so i hope it's good news i hope they're
not gonna say it's gonna be like
a cut-down ceremony and you can't have
guests i feel like they might say that
okay right let's just look at my options
let's just look at my options
as you know in response to the copy 19
pandemic university postponed all
in-person graduation ceremonies after
february 2020.
don't i know it put in place exceptional
measures to continue conferring degrees
oh yeah by the way
i do have a degree i technically
graduated
in absentia so my graduation ceremony
went ahead in senate house
i just wasn't invited unfortunately the
ongoing pandemic and government
restrictions mean that we're still
unable to say when we'll be able to
offer our usual ceremonies in senate
house again
however in the hope that the situation
continues to improve
we propose a further option celebrate
your degree
in person if you have already graduated
in absentia
in senate house on friday the 16th of
july
2021 the ceremony will be as close as
possible to the usual one
but without contact and socially
distanced in order to achieve this we
won't be able to welcome guests at the
senate house or in senate house yacht
oh my god however we'd aim to provide
a memorable opportunity for you to come
back together and mark your achievements
the ceremony would be professionally
recorded made available online and
hopefully live streamed
it just means my parents can't come to
my graduation now i'm gonna cry
and it's not happy tears oh i know i
should be grateful to actually
have the possibility of a ceremony but
i just wish my family could be there i
know
everyone says the ceremony is boring
anyway but
it's a milestone you know i i wanted my
parents to be able to witness it
okay so that's an option i don't have to
do that
but the other option is if you decide to
defer your graduation
with a view to attending a later
ceremony we can't offer identical
celebrations in college
do you know what the good news is i have
just booked
two weeks holiday off work and that date
is within that two weeks actually at the
end of the two weeks that i booked off
work
so i've already got the time off work
for this i'm thinking a little mini
break to cambridge is called for
i can't see why they said about
celebrations in college so celebrations
will happen in college
oh my god also the ceremony and senate
house
is going to be socially distanced and
without contacts they can't do the
tradition where they all hold
the who even is it the vice chancellor
the prior elector you can't hold their
finger
because graduates are supposed to
surround them and hold their finger i
know it sounds weird but it's supposed
to be a tradition
although to be fair i'm not sure i'm so
gutted about missing out on that do you
know what else they're going to make us
do
we're all going to be sitting there
wearing masks i'm going to be at my
graduation ceremony
in a mask so i'm just going to fill out
the survey because apparently it's just
an expression of interest and not
commitment
option one celebration of your degree in
person
without guests on friday 16th of july
this year
or celebration of your degree in person
with guests
in 2021 to 2022 or beyond because
they're not sure when they're gonna be
able to go back to having
celebrations like that and also they're
not going to be able to hold
identical celebrations in college around
that
i can't win i don't know what i want to
do i'm gonna go speak to my mum
um well i've got some news on my
graduation
yes so there is a ceremony
on friday the 16th of july
oh in senate house that is the week i'm
having off
i know the bad news is you can't come
because we're all allowed guests in
senate house
so i have just been on a cool this
evening
with my old university friends and
of course we were discussing graduation
a lot because some of us graduated
last year and have got the option i
spoke about earlier
neither option is ideal like
of course i want to be graduating
surrounded by my friends
and my family and i would love to be
celebrating inside the college that i
was part of for three years
and i can't have all of that also by the
way a lot of my other friends
are graduating this year and they have a
very similar choice to make
i've spoken to my parents about it a bit
more i've spoken to my friends i think
opinion is a little bit split with this
one
i don't know what i think like my
immediate response was
oh well of course i'm gonna graduate
this year but now i'm thinking
what even is the in college celebration
is it worth it
will i regret it if i decide to go ahead
with the ceremony this year
and the ceremony is really bad cause
it's all socially distanced and we're
wearing masks and my parents can't even
attend and the in college celebration is
literally
have a couple of sandwiches and go home
when i could have waited
i don't know what to do
also my friends who are graduating this
year
have got their graduation ceremony
scheduled
for two weeks before my graduation
ceremony when i
technically graduated before them what's
up with that
i got out of that place first i should
be first in line for that in person
graduation i don't know why they're
getting the first ceremony
but oh my goodness me
it is the end of a very long working day
and today
has been long and hard work
i've probably spent more time in calls
today than i have spent
off calls today i just kept getting in
long conversations with people
i am on a completely new project this
week which is
half stressing me out and half exciting
the project i've been put on it is doing
technical provision calculations
and solvency capital requirement
calculations
in my normal reserving exercises we'll
normally come up with a best estimate
figure
of the money that insurance companies to
set aside now
in order to pay off its claims in the
future but with technical
provisions an additional buffer like a
risk margin
is added on top of that to give you the
technical provisions that the
insurer should be holding and then your
technical provisions
form part of your solvency capital
requirement which we call the scr
and that is like a minimum amount of
capital that you are required by law
to hold because obviously the government
does not want
insurance to go insolvent i have only
just finished work
and it's like a half past nine
such a busy day today you have no idea
i've been filling out bond allocations
and deciding
what type of bond each bond asset is
and i've still got things to do that
need to be done before
tuesday next week and the problem is
technically i'm off
work now until tuesday next week because
i've got a study day tomorrow and then
it's easter weekend so friday's bank
holiday monday's a bank holiday so i'm
not technically
supposed to be in working until tuesday
but i've got stuff that still needs to
be done before tuesday
so tomorrow morning i'm gonna get up at
eight and just try
get it done what i've left that the
final task i've left for me to do
is just a load of admin filing making
sure things are safe down in the right
place
so i'm just gonna try see if i can get
it done in an hour tomorrow morning
before launching into my study day
also i've got my result my mock result
for my statistics mock
in r this is the second statistics mock
and
drum roll everybody what does she get in
her statistics mark
58 which is a fail
to be fair only a slight fail
i think the pass mark is 60 and i've got
and this was the first paper i've done
of its kind
so i am going to take that sometimes
you have to fail don't like failing but
i prefer to fail
when it's stuff that doesn't matter like
a mock as opposed to the real thing
and do you know what on that note i'm
gonna end this vlog here
thanks for watching this one guys give
the video a like
subscribe to my channel follow my
instagram comment down below how you all
are what you're all up to are you busy
with work are you studying
are your exams around the corner too
have you been failing mocks like me
i want to know so comment down below
let's have a chat
and i will see you soon with another
video
bye bye